
New Vesion of Windows Batchfiles for R

batchfiles 0.4-2 consists of a set of Windows .bat utilities and other
scripts that run R and associated programs by finding R in the
registry so that no paths need be set -- a major source of error
during installation.  Also it implies that paths which might otherwise
need to be updated when you upgrade R do not need to be.  The tools
automatically find the new registry entry.

The utilities are are each one Windows batch files or javascript file
without dependencies.  Just place those you want or all of them
anywhere in your path and they instantly become available to Windows
console sessions.  No setting of paths or other formal installation is
required.

This version of batchfiles has only been tested on Windows Vista but
most of the utilities may work on earlier versions as well.  Version
0.3-2 was only tested on Windows XP.

NEW

A new command Stangle.bat is now available that is similar to
Sweave.bat except it runs Stangle.  Like Sweave.bat, it ca be run
without arguments for help.  Sweave.bat and Stangle.bat are actually
the same file.  Each queries the name by which it was called in order
to determine what to do.  Note that like Sweave.bat, Stangle.bat does
not depend on rtools.

Also new to this version is an optional second facility for those
situations where the registry is not available.   It can also be used
to override the registry values and heuristics or to have different
versions of R automatically used by different projects.

For those users who do not have access to the registry one can either
define environment variables, as before, or new to this version one
can place rbatchfilesrc.bat in the current directory or %userprofile%
directory or the same directory as the batchfiles and they will get
their definitions from there instead of looking in the registry.  A
typical rbatchfilesrc.bat might be 3 lines long and look like this:

		set R_HOME=C:\Program Files\R\R-2.7.0
		set R_TOOLS=C:\Rtools
		set R_MIKTEX=C:\Program Files\MiKTeX 2.7\miktex\bin

Most people will not need this facility and will instead use the
automatic registry lookup which completely avoids the need to specify
path names but for situations as described this facility may be of
use.

The batchfiles are available on CRAN in the contributed extras area.
For more information see the home page of batchfiles at:

	http://batchfiles.googlecode.com

